hellofresh lets you pick from over 50
menu and market items every week
including cozy recipes like chicken
ramen and shoyu style broth and turkey
ragu gnocchi those are easy to say get
up to 14 free meals plus 3 free gifts
with code face 14 at hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
and
action
oh
action that's exciting it's like a movie
jeff what is a trailer for a movie that
you're like this trailer looks [__]
great and then you saw the movie and you
were disappointed
uh
hold on i'm not recording
what the f wait great
hey who who is actually recording at
three
as soon as you joined i was recording
before three it's three and i'm
recording it's three o'clock right now
you you are late to no it is not three
on the dot
somehow being lost to join i was the
only one on time yes yeah hey hey gavin
a hundred percent agree with you well i
mean everybody is technically still on
time because it's still three o'clock
but i was prepping the video everything
that i needed to support we were here
reporting gavin is the one gavin is the
one who is on top thank you gavin who
cares the professional
cool congratulations gavin you're the
professional thanks man yes all we all
hope to to someday aspire
like you you are our first question
in terms of professionalism and talent
in terms of uh i don't know tone
effort
general uh demeanor it really doesn't
get better than you so gavin please show
us how it's done i wasn't the one saying
look
i don't i don't think he i think he
already did i think the act was done he
did show us how it was done by being on
time i don't think there's anything to
go beyond that
i think i know he was on time i know he
was on time because i was here when i
saw him come in that's true also on time
i was prepping a video because i knew
the size would be too big to send you
guys through discord and it would be a
whole fluffal in the middle of the
episode so i was sending in a different
way
uh while you guys were talking about uh
colin quinn's film prowess
he knows a lot about movies i'm
surprised
a great guy very very funny comedian
very funny comedian i also enjoyed his
book his special one of my favorites are
unique
he does more like essays than i'd say
like traditional stand-up it's
fascinating like he tells more of like
their historical specials
um
but anyway i want to know the trailer
thing jeff do you have a great
storyteller in general also one of the
best guests in the history of the howard
stern show he had a story about [__]
a cat that you would not believe
he also had a story about [__] an old
lady in a hallway and having her fall
down and hit her head and leaving her
there for dead wait what yeah he told
him on the heartstorm show oh oh like
she's selling the ladies all the way she
fell and hit her head and he felt bad
and he left and he has no idea what if
he accidentally killed her i don't know
i guess then she's dead and he's a
murderer
anyway he knows a lot about film he does
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast i believe this is
episode 80 if i'm correct which puts us
i want to say in the back half of season
two year two is that correct i think
we've kind of gone over it there's no
real measuring system for what well i
think there is we just need to sit down
and figure it out we're approaching a
number of episodes that no one can pitch
in baseball that's true
i think what's the fastest pitch
recorded and it's probably in like over
100 i think uh i want to say 102
or so really i was thinking i was going
to guess like 110 would be my guess but
i don't think that high has anyone
thrown one in a vacuum
what do you mean uh
like has anyone thrown one at a vacuum
cleaner
[Laughter]
i don't understand like why why would
they have done that
well so there's no air resistant so you
can throw it real fast oh okay that's i
feel like you took some leaps there i
wasn't i wasn't with you i was lost
that's right i was thinking about i've
never seen someone throw a vacuum there
was a guy
who got thrown out of the game i want to
say or maybe he disagreed with i think
it was he disagreed with what was called
a strike and then the coach started
fighting with the umpire and the player
walked out of the field went down
grabbed the garbage can and then placed
it behind the plate and pointed at the
umpire and said that's you you're
garbage so there has been a garbage can
on the field i've never seen a vacuum on
the field you sent a clip to the group
chat the other day about it was a
american football game where a guy
kicked the football but apparently it
somehow never happened before well no i
didn't i didn't send the i feel like
this is just you being erickson you're
getting confused i said i sent a clip of
a guy getting hit in the head with a
football after a kick and then there was
another kick discussion later that i
don't think was a video i thought eric
put
something in the slack what are we yeah
we're talking about the doug flutie
dropkick
is what we're talking about i assume
gavin didn't understand why that was
first of all he's a throwing man gavin
he's not a kicking man his job is to
throw he's a quarterback
making
it's the first time anyone had dropped
the ball bounced it off the floor and
kicked it over the
yeah and it was it was in the modern nfl
it literally was
it's just not a thing that kick people
do why would you why would you drop the
ball and kick it like especially if
you're a quarterback nobody's prepared
for that quarterbacks don't take the
ball
what was their way of doing like they
thought the other team thought they were
gonna like run with it but then he
kicked it yeah i think the other team
assumed because i think it was they
positioned like they were going for two
i'm not fully aware i'm just assuming
and instead of actually running and like
throwing the ball to score it they
scored off of a drop kick which if you
drop the ball down bounce and kick it
between the uprights that's a point so i
think like nobody was prepared for the
play because it's both a qb and they're
in a position in which they would
typically go for two but they ran a play
that would score one but sometimes like
if it's fourth down they just kick it
yeah but it's first the kicker does it
it's the kicker's job and they don't
kick it that way they have like a guy
that catches it and holds it and places
it and then the kicker just kicks it off
the ground from the guy that's holding
it the kicker never sing it off the
ground i think it is i think there's
room for air if you're trying to
purposely bounce the ball and kick it
yourself i feel like that's way harder
yeah for sure i mean it's not it's a
football it's not a sphere man you don't
you can't predict how exactly how it's
going to bounce please
has got to be out gavin according to
your favorite movie of all time lace is
out place out laces out
also it's just like a human tripod
essentially is is the other guy's job
why would you remove the tripod this
stabilizes it for you nice and easy
shape of the ball
they also it's like a different sports i
don't know the rugby comparison
i think the balls are shaped differently
too the hangover andrew what about the
hangover it was a good trailer and it
was a terrible movie i liked the trailer
a lot i thought it was gonna be funny
and then i didn't like the movie at all
really like you would say you hated the
hangover oh yeah i i don't understand
the i don't i don't understand why
people like that film i think the first
one's quite good yeah i enjoy the first
remember yeah
i haven't watched it since it came out i
don't have really like any interest in
revisiting it but i got an
argument with brandon farmahini one time
who told me at work who told me that it
was the funniest movie in like the last
decade and was so full of jokes he
didn't understand how i could not like
it so i asked him
tell me your favorite joke from the
movie and he just looked at me for about
five minutes and then said oh and then
walked away well yeah i think that's a
terrible call to call it a joke like
when i think of
i agree
with something like naked gun i think of
like those kind of like that where the
joke per minute is absurd
the hangover is like
and i was kind of [__] because it's a
little bit of a mystery it's a comedy it
kind of brought mike tyson back in a way
i will say there's a moment in the
trailer that is funnier edited than it
was in the movie and that was the the
mike tyson uh phil collins bit yes where
in the in the trailer it's like doo doo
doo doo and then he sucks him at the end
of that but uh in the movie it's not as
funny
i could you know what i think the worst
part of the hangover was for me and this
is like a very strange complaint they
put out back on the 360 when random
movies would come out that were big they
would put out profile picture packs
where it was just faces of the
characters typically and there are
people so many people use the baby
there's a baby from the hangover as one
of them and the people that did it
thought they were really funny and i was
just sick of it it was a popular gamer
picture for a stretch of time the baby
with the glasses
you're just danny devito
yours is dan davito what was for what
what movie was he
no yours was oh yeah but i pulled that
that was a choice i made that was that
was a custom pull yeah i'm not hating
necessarily on anyone that does that
it's just there was a
i don't know uh uh
what's the word i'm looking for like a
belief of com i don't know i just don't
if you
i'm fine with you liking the hangover
liking the hangover to the point where
it's your gamer picture is is a step too
far
or
we talked about it briefly when we're
playing halo but my
most excited i was from a trailer to the
least impressed i was with a movie was
the tuxedo with jackie chan
it's such a remember
i was a teenager
i was really i loved rush hour i was
getting into like oh like who am i
rumble in the bronx like all of his
early american type stuff
tuxedo came out i thought as a teenager
i thought oh [__] i was so excited i and
i didn't see it at the cinema i bought
it on dvd i was like i've wasted my
money on it
wait
did you purposely not i didn't know that
you didn't did you not see it in
theaters because you're like i'm gonna
love this movie so much i'm going to
want to watch it multiple times i'm
going to save my money and buy it then
why did you get to i just didn't get to
go that much when i was a kid it's like
okay it's like a big event when i went
so i assumed at the time i was busy
seeing like lord of the rings and stuff
to make it count but it was like not
even a rental scenario you're like i
know i'm going to love this i would like
i knew it teachers
it was probably like 15 quid on dvd
my reaction waste was the same as yours
i don't know gavin genuinely may have
been the biggest like
tuxedo fan based on trailer on the plant
i don't think anyone may have
anticipated that movie more than gavin
it's such a weird movie to be excited
about i don't think jackie chan was bad
in that either i think it was just not
any good i feel like i very rarely would
say that jackie chan was the problem of
the thing that he was in
i agree with that like i i can't think
of a like wow jackie chan really [__]
that movie
when did jackie chan ever phone it in
right i don't think so yeah no i think
it's a consummate professional that
jackie chan is the gavin free of movies
he's the podcasting gathering
i'll say it
because we all know it's true he's the
ty the creme de la creme he is the he's
the one that we all aspire to be as soon
as gavin told me that i immediately went
and watched the trailer for the tuxedo
and watching it in the context of a
match and gavin watching it for the
first time be like holy [__] this looks
good was very funny they killed james
brown for those that never seen it i
think the plot with of the movie was
that he gets jackie chan powers but from
a suit and i think i remember that
there's water that makes people thirsty
and that's all i can remember from that
film so it's a james bond movie but not
a james bond movie there's a guy that is
like james bond and he's british but it
turns out that all of his abilities come
from his suit
jackie chan is a taxi driver
that befriends this guy i also haven't
seen this movie in a long time so this
could be completely wrong but i think he
befriends the guy
and then somehow ends up with the suit
because the guy dies
uh and then he kills james brown and
then jackie chan kills names james
around and they do a dance number
because he has to perform instead of
james brown because the suit has a bunch
of abilities to it it's like a stealth
suit but it also has like funky mode i
feel like is what they display so he can
like dance and perform i'll go be honest
with you right now i haven't seen the
movie since like the early 2000s the way
you're describing it i really want to
watch the movie it sounds awesome
i sounds really good
i went to watch it i refused to pay five
dollars to write it
i was gonna do that last night and i was
like 4.99 i can't do it it was three
dollars i'd do it but five dollars why
don't we have a watch along we do watch
long i'd watch in that context i just i
forgot james brown was in it and that
they weirdly kill james brown and then i
wanted to go because in the trailer it
happens it's like no way they actually
do that it's an unfortunate thing where
you go to the movie wiki and whoever
wrote the plot synopsis deemed that
scene not worth explaining there is no
mention to james brown in the movie wiki
for that thing so if somebody if
somebody watches the tuxedo feel free to
please include the james brown section
of that film from the wiki because he's
listed in the cast but there is no
mention him in the plot breakdown of the
tuxedo
it's a dumb movie
he made a lot of those movies like the
do you remember the medallion that was
one of those jackie chan era
not very good american
i know i've seen it i couldn't tell you
anything about it i don't think i've
seen that one eric just said we're a
jackie chan podcast i'm okay with that
jackie chan some great movies rush hour
the jackie chan adventures
mr nice guy i would argue
the greatest blooper reel of all time
rush hour 2 i think that's probably the
greatest post-credit blooper reel in
movie history where chris rock uh no
chris rock damn it where chris tucker
looks out the window and says
damn he ain't gonna be in rush hour
three i think that might be the funniest
post like blooper line of all time i
remember that killing that may have been
the biggest laugh in the theater and
that was a well received movie i
remember as a child watching that in a
pack theater and that line killing and
myself included just like is great line
very funny blooper
they don't do those anymore i feel like
i was the last time you saw a blooper
reel i think they're in all of jackie
chan's films i well i think they're
staple i literally i watched the tuxedos
blooper reel last night on youtube i
didn't watch the movie but i at least
watched that you have to watch a jackie
chan blooper
jeff i was waiting for the subject to
change away from jackie chad
i i i i'm i'm not up to date on my
jackie chan content so i was just
letting you guys go i don't know
don't throw to me i i had nothing to do
with that that's you you guys are having
the jackie chan discussion i couldn't
name a jackie chan movie post
uh the one he did with jet li whatever
that was called what about the foreigner
i never saw that i thought that looked
interesting directed by the guy that
made goldeneye starring pierce brosnan
and jackie chan i've never seen it but i
haven't it looked dark it was like this
is gritty jackie chan his family i think
dies in a bombing and then he's like i'm
gonna get revenge i wonder if there's a
blooper reel on that one there can't be
a blooper reel on the foreigner there's
no way oh that would be awesome i don't
know i don't think pierce brosnan plays
like a spy type character i think he's
just like an executive who's a villain
but i could be wrong haven't seen it
nice eric
did you see no way out gavin
what was that have you seen no way out
or have you seen no way out jeff uh the
movie with bridget fonda the remake of
uh left nikita no well no i don't think
so maybe it's an owen wilson movie that
came out in like 2016. no way out kevin
costner sean young
no that's not am
no escape that's what i mean no escape
not no way out no escape i knew noah's
in the title it's just pierce brosnan
plays bond again it's like his last i'd
say roll his bond
he can't flat out say he's bond but it's
like they constantly tease the fact that
he's like an older burnt out bond like
sean connery and the rock
yes exactly like sean connery in the
rock
same type of same type of deal
do you know
this is going to be a really weird abs
like just a random question jeff do you
what's your favorite mission possible
movie let's set it up that way first oh
well
that's easy that's not even a question
real question possible three mission
possibilities ever made thank you this
is one of the best mission it is not a
movie it's a film mission impossible you
can't call mission impossible three a
movie because it's that it's it that
would be it's an insult to what that
that piece of art is it is a film in
every way who is the girl at the
beginning
it's carrie russell
are you just dropping trivia are you
testing him to confirm that he is
possible
that question is how jeff lost his car
really
it's like i own his car
oh that was the bet i got there was a
carry wrestle
wow
i don't remember who i thought it was
but i i didn't think it was carrie
russell didn't you think it was like
anne hathaway or something and i was
like no it was somebody that made sense
but it wasn't cure it wasn't i can't
remember who it was uh michelle did you
mistake michelle monahan because she's
in that as well and i feel like i could
kind of play that no
no we don't i
it doesn't matter you'll never know the
important thing is that i know that i
haven't owned my car in 15 years
why why why why do you ask by the way
why do you ask well i'm glad you uh this
is a conversation we had i agree mission
possible three is the best one by far
and i think it's largely due to the
performance of philip schumer-hoffman i
think one of the great movie villains in
that and that menacing is [__]
he's awesome in it there are three
perfect moments in that film if you'd
like i can go through them with you uh
the first perfect moment in that film is
when they're breaking into the vatican
and uh
uh
ving rhames and uh ethan hunt have the
conversation where he goes what's up
with you and fingerings goes nothing
what's up with you he goes nothing
that's it's just perfectly acted there's
the scene when he's infiltrating the big
building i think it's in india and
they're like talking about the plan and
then it just cuts to him the outside of
the building and it comes to him
screaming i'm not gonna make the
extraction and he jumps out a window and
you have no idea what happened in that
building but it went very [__] wrong
that was an awesome scene and then at
the end when he's with the the chick and
he's like if you don't kill me i'm going
to die that's a great moment too all
perfect moments from a perfect film it's
great it starts as i think one of the
great film intros as well you don't know
what's going on this character normally
in power is in a bad spot
it doesn't look like carrie russell
apparently it is
[Laughter]
do you remember philip seymour hoffman's
character's name a mission impossible
three uh
no for like how iconic that character is
in my mind of like a great villain very
forgettable his name is owen i think
it's the least menacing name to menacing
character and in film history possibly
there's nothing memorable or evil about
the name owen this is so not
intimidating
yeah the rabbit's foot that's right nick
that is that's the whole thing of the
what is it like an atomic bomb or
something the rabbit's foot
he's pursuing
i don't really remember what the rabbit
was it was i don't know that we ever
yeah i don't know that we found out did
we well i said that it was wasn't it a
thing that wrong there was this insane
shot where uh dr manhattan dies and he
drops the briefcase and the thing rolls
out like perfectly into the camera in
focus and it was like wow how did they
do that you mean billy crudup
yeah okay i assume that's who he means
yeah was he not dr manhattan no he was i
think he was i just couldn't remember i
just couldn't remember you want to bet a
car on it
no no i bet jeff's car
my mission impossible betting days are
over still paying off the last one i
wanna how are you doing jeff because the
last time we recorded this you were
you're in a bad spot you're you're i was
at 36
in the first recording i got up to about
by the second recording you're like half
of where i was in chocolate
yeah yeah
uh i'm okay thanks for asking um you
know i had the colonoscopy it was a
nightmare uh i do have a story to share
with you at some point and i'll uh i'll
tease it uh there's a pastrami plot
twist in my life oh no oh no did they
find some pastrami up your ass
well uh but uh but we don't have to get
into that right now if you guys want to
talk about movies or whatever what's
your favorite mission impossible movie
andrew what's your
what's your secret second favorite uh
this is gonna be like a really weird
qualifier i think the second best
mission impossible movie is the first
act of mission impossible one
up until he sprints out of the
restaurant i think that is like the
greatest sequence of of any mission
impossible but that's before he's
hanging from the wire in the room with
the pressure floor yeah i don't really
care about it like that that seems fine
but like it's like iconic
it is an iconic scene but the movie
really loses me from the point he
sprints out of the restaurant i think
everything to that point is like pretty
intense and enjoyable and there is after
he's blown up the fish tank with the gun
yeah literally as soon as as soon as he
sprints out after blowing up the fish
tank with the gum that movie takes a
nosedive for me
[Laughter]
it drops now dramatically after that i
would say
uh
what is the the second the last one that
came out
which one was that luke nation rogue
nation was pretty good no i enjoyed that
one no wait yeah
don't know
what it has posted the apple dumpling
game a disney movie called the apple
dumpling gang i was just on the dinner
for later i was just thinking about my
favorite movies as a kid the other day
and i was thinking about how many don
knotts movies i used to watch when i was
a kid and the apple dumpling gang and
the apple dumpling gang rides again were
two of my favorite movies as a kid and i
i looked up the the poster and i was
like oh [__] that's kind of funny
because we're out we we're an apple
podcast now yeah there's the one
if we should make an apple scrumpling
gang poster but probably not we're
probably hitting the apple concept
is there scrumping in the app is the
apple dumpling gang pro scrump or is
there any
i think those dudes steal those kids if
i remember correctly they steal the kids
i thought maybe i think the kids are
orphans or something and they're like
okay level criminals and they all end up
in a career
i don't know why i i assumed the
children were the apple dumpling gang
and not the two guys in the background i
think i have completely misread who the
gang was
because two people are in a gang
no you need at least six for a gang i
would say i think you need at least
three
three no
three's too little the apple dumpling
gang rides again ain't no kids in that
photo
you can't all fit in a taxi
to be a gang your gang can't fit in one
cab
that's the clock
i think that's the qualifier we have to
order two caps is the qualifier
once you have to have two cabs or maybe
a larger vehicle if you need a custom
large vehicle you've entered gang
territory if you need an uber xl
okay uh here so i had to look it up
what qualifies a gang
gangs are associations of three or more
individuals who adopt identity so it's
got to be wow so okay
gangbang
fortunate i don't
i mean if those three people could
identify as a gang and they're all
banging then yes well yeah i guess they
need to identify as a gang
that means technically you could film a
gang bang in one cab
you could you're right i i disagree with
all these qualifiers i don't three is
not enough to be a gang
it's a it's a regulation gang of three
so so we could
we could be the apple scrumpling gang
there's enough of us there's five of us
here are we doing that are we doing the
boys of dumpty like we gotta get well
the boys are the boys of dumpty
[Music]
right it's gang city over here
[Applause]
we all know that going online without
expressvpn is like using our smartphone
without a protective case most of the
time
you're probably gonna be fine
but all it takes is one accident will
drop their butterfingers onto solid
concrete and suddenly you wish you'd
protected yourself that's why in my own
words everyone needs a vpn because when
you encrypt to an unencrypted network in
a cafe or a hotel or an airport your
online data is super not secure and any
hacker on the same network can gain
access to and steal your personal data
and we all saw those hacker movies in
the 90s we know how it works sandra
bullock's not going to be there to save
us in the real world and it doesn't take
much technical knowledge to be one of
those evil
dude hackers it only takes some
malfeasance and apparently any smart 12
year old could do it also your dad is
valuable did you know that hackers make
up to like a thousand dollars a person
selling your lame boring personal info
on the dark web that's why in my own
words you should use expressvpn the
encrypted tunnel it's super secure it's
easy to use and it works on all devices
that's like phones laptops tablets etc
etc you get the idea it's secure it's
encrypted and it will protect your data
so that hackers can't steal it that's
why i think you should use expressvpn so
secure your online data today by
visiting expressvpn.com
face that is e-x-p-r-e-s-s-v-p
in dot-com face nailed it
and you can get an extra three months
free
expressvpn.com face if you want to give
your family and friends a gift that
keeps giving something more memorable
than a gift card or a pair of socks
although i'm not one of those people
that hates socks as gifts i think socks
are perfectly acceptable as gifts big
sock fan but we're not talking about
socks we're talking about a gift that's
way cooler than socks a gift that's more
useful than socks a gift that's going to
last longer than a pair of socks we are
talking about a sock for your butthole
not exactly but it is a hello tushy
bidet and it ticks all the boxes if
you're not familiar it washes your butt
with a fresh water spray so that you end
up way cleaner than toilet paper could
ever hope to uh you just spray and pat
dry you don't have to scrub your butt
off like most people do you're not gonna
end up with hemorrhoids like most people
have uh no comment on me i'm gonna go
out at a limb and say that most of you
listening to this podcast have toilets
this thing attaches to them and without
the need of an expensive electrician or
plumber nobody wants to call those
people it installs in less than eight
minutes and that's a normal person
installing it like i said not an
electrician or a plumber it cuts down on
your toilet paper use by 80 which saves
money and paper waste and the amazon and
will all continue to breathe thanks to
you
washing your butt instead of scrubbing
your butt make the best room your best
room with the complete tushy system that
includes the tushy bidet the ottoman the
toilet brush tushy stand tushy tissues
whatever you want tushy's got it so give
the gift of a clean bum to yourself or
your loved ones this holiday season and
get 10 off plus free shipping right now
at hellotushy.com
face and tag us and at hellotushy on
social media so we can celebrate your
clean butt that's hellotushy.com
face for 10 off and free shipping
do you know what eric's been doing
yeah he's been sucking on this 100
chocolate for fun he's all [__] into
it now he sends update photos constantly
i i found out a way to enjoy it where it
you don't have to just eat it in 10
minutes
you can sit down and have it with
something and and find pleasure in the
pain but why why did you go for this
just in your free time without telling
i had i had the chocolate from face jam
and everyone i got jealous because
everyone did
uh chocolate eating and it seemed like
uh something i didn't want to do but
seemed like a fun thing so i went you
know what i'm gonna try this uh and i
did i had that chocolate sitting in
there and just wrote in google what can
i do with 100 chocolate and that was one
of the things was have it with a black
cup of coffee that you enjoy and i will
say i've done it twice now with my mouth
is watering thinking about it i enjoyed
it so much uh really how many let me ask
you a question
how many so like you had a cup of coffee
black coffee you enjoy very much
and then how many squares of the
chocolate did you have with that
probably two and a half three tops
okay throughout the like slowly slowly
throughout the course of the coffee okay
i found the best method was putting a
little bit of dark chocolate on my
tongue and then taking a drink of coffee
and like letting it melt the chocolate
because then i got a lot of the floral
flavor i'm a coffee guy the the way that
andrew is many different types of guy i
am a coffee guy and i so do you grind
your coffee at home by hand yeah
like i have like a hand grinder i have
like a i have like a hand grinder i like
that a lot
my i would love to be a coffee guy
because the prep and the ritual of it
seems like a lot of fun but i feel like
i would probably be able to smell smells
so good it's very easy the smell would
be great yeah it seems like it would be
meditative i love that if i could just
do that and then not drink it i would be
a coffee guy my wife is the same way if
i smell coffee early in the morning it
changes the course of my day it makes me
want to [__] like it it just puts me
good mood instantly
it does
coffee makes you [__] no no i know but
but smell but smell the smell
specifically
jeff's the one who got me into coffee
and it's i was amazed at what it did to
my body but i've had so much coffee now
that just a whiff of it gets me in the
mood for a nice morning poo it's like
you've have love dog your ass with your
scent like
you're trained you've loved your ass be
the title of the episode
yep
absolutely
uh uh the the kings coast coffee achieve
line that we had for a while was very
good that was an excellent cup of coffee
i prefer like a light roast but i i
really found a lot of enjoyment in that
very chocolatey cup it was very so
you're straight in 100
chocolate yeah yeah my progress is i've
done 70 i've done 78 i'm currently
working my way through the 85
bar as i develop my palette over the uh
the q4 of this year
so eric real fast because i also love
that achieve blind i actually just uh
and not just because
you know the the the reference no no is
it good it was a cup of coffee yeah so i
subscribed to it on the website so i get
it like every three weeks uh or every
two weeks i get a new a new bag of it uh
so recently they just sent me a bag and
on the label it said hey this used to be
called achieve but we're gonna rebrand
it don't worry we'll keep sending it to
you it's just gonna be called something
else so it's still out there if you want
it yeah
do you know which one it is i that's the
most recent one i've got so as soon as i
get the new badge let me batch in with a
name i'll tell you what it is but you
can still get that coffee that's very
funny i think it's all i dreamt yeah i
love it huh
good very nice i like it
so gav you were saying what are you up
to 85 and you enjoy 85. i i 85 to me is
still edible as just chocolate on its
own it's get it's getting up there i do
want to say i don't want anyone to get
confused about the situation that i'm in
with the dark chocolate i've enjoyed it
with a cup of coffee because it changes
the flavor it's like smoking a cigar and
having port wine it's nice it changes
the flavor or whatever i despise dark
chocolate i think it is the worst thing
you can do with chocolate i think it is
an affront to sweets i think it's
pathetic that it's being pressed into
actual candy and being sold in stores i
i if it went away tomorrow our lives
would be better for it that is how i
feel about dark chocolate
oh that's good you know what
eric can i can i say uh i tend i try not
to have definitive chocolate opinions
because it's such a polarizing world we
live in but i'm gonna back you up on
this i'm right there with you i listen
and do you say that i couldn't i it was
like my heart was swelling up with pride
because i feel the same way about you
and so i'm i you have my back i'm right
there with you i think it should be
erratically feel the same way about me
you think eric sucks and if he went away
i feel the same way about about dark
chocolate as you do oh you feel the same
way as me not yeah
about me as if i were the dark chocolate
and you want me to go away
no no you can stay because i like your
opinions
definitely what that sounded like
it was one you picked the one word that
would change your statement into an
insult instead of the compliment of your
support that you intended i felt so good
and then i felt so bad
and i mean that so it's a 15 18 years of
this kind it's hard to it's hard to to
not insult those what's interesting on
the chocolates is as the cocoa content
goes up watching the serving size get
bigger i assume as real sugar starts
leaving the ingredients it's like one
serving is two squares and then it's
like one serving it's two and a half now
one serving is three until eventually
the entire bar is one served huh
now do you are you worried how do you
feel about milk chocolate
because i would be kind of okay but if
you think as you progress down this dark
chocolate road developing your palate
will your willingness to have milk
chocolate lessen well i'm hoping it's
it's additive to my palette i hope it's
not ruining other areas of my past
i would assume that it would replace
that you would like no longer be able to
enjoy what you previously did not that
this is an expansion
when someone says that's an acquired
taste do you have to misplace a taste to
make room for it i don't think so no but
i don't think those are the same thing i
feel as though you are training your
palate to be able to prefer like ideally
by the end of this your your chocolate
of choice will be the 100 percent
correct like you will we could hope so
yeah so at that point i feel like you
couldn't be further away from milk it's
the farthest you could be from milk
chocolate and i would be worried that
you would no longer be able to go back
to milk and i feel like your ability to
get 100 dark chocolate in the wild would
be low i feel like it's tougher you're
narrowing your ability to get chocolate
here's what i think lin are missing a
trick right
they they should have an excellent
training bar where each square is new
percentages until it is the entire
package
what about like an advent calendar for
your palate
like every day it starts at like 76 and
on christmas day
it doesn't even yeah it doesn't need to
even be a christmas thing just like a
daily hey this is where you should be
we're at 76.7 today maybe
face or uniform could collaborate with
lint chocolate and we can get that going
oh by the way
how hot is that uniform logo we're
working on
looks nice it does look i'm digging it
i'm really into it it would look good on
some chocolate i'll tell you that right
now
can we did you see it you could see it
could you see it can you see it like
debossed into a chocolate bar the
uniform it looks so sweet yeah i can't
wait for us to make a chocolate and then
gavin complained that it's milk when
it's dark just be completely wrong about
what the actual contents of the
chocolate are are you referring to the
sign
yes i am i think a comment leaver left a
comment saying that what is this
[__] plastic sign i still don't
actually have the damn thing so i
assumed
that they were right about it being made
of plastic but eric said it's it's
metal yes eric this is why you can't
listen to comet levers i don't know why
i was listening
i got one in my hand right now it is
definitely metal well that's awesome
it's not as [__] as i thought
when did you get the sign
uh it mine came in the mail mine came in
the mail the day we had that
conversation okay
i just didn't open it up till later in
the day i'm hoping i get i've bought
every single piece of our merch and then
they've sent it to me anyway and uh so
i've had double everything double waffle
freshener why do you buy them okay well
it's part of the support in the show at
the very least it's all limited runs
you're just taking one away from a a
comment leave it you're gonna make this
the show why don't you have to support
the show you make yes you support it by
making it you also frequently go into
the merch channel and get them to make
stuff you start some of this stuff and
then you buy it well i was okay well i
you know what's funny is i i think i was
told i could be wrong i was told i
couldn't get a gurple shirt at the time
because of like the process it was made
and i was
it's one of those it one of those shirts
but
regardless of that i don't mind i buy
the product for the show i make the show
i'm happy with the show support it in
that way i feel like i'm kind of paying
myself in a weird way i don't mind
ordering the things but the scrump signs
the first one i didn't order and i
haven't got a scrub sign yet so i think
i may have just missed out i think
that's that was the cut off the one i
didn't i'll tell you what you can have
my scrumps on buddy i'll give it to you
that's very kind of you jeff you gotta
come down to austin and get it i'm not
gonna mail it to you but it is it's
waiting for you it's irregardless a
different word to regardless
what do you mean well you said
irregardless
um
what do you what do you what's your
question here is irregardless not a word
well regardless of the word i would have
said regardless it's the same word
irregardless and regardless are used
interchangeably
if you reply to an email you could say
irregarding no i think you have to say i
think irregardless is the word i feel
like i didn't invent the word i feel
like that no you didn't it's in the
[__] dictionary dude
they're saying it's not a word or it's
the same word irregardless
dictionary.com irregardless adverb
non-standard regardless the photographer
always says irregardless of how his
subjects are feeling smile uh frequently
asked questions is irregardless a word
yes it may not be a word you like or a
word you can use in a term paper but
irregardless certainly is a word
so there we go the same thing as
regardless yes it does look at you
[__] guys coming at me from my ear
regardless you said don't you don't you
guys i'm right there with you buddy i'm
on the side of your regardless well i
wasn't slamming anyone i was asking is
that the same as regardless you know
what i wasn't gonna do this i'm gonna
come out the [__] european language
and how they spell that you know how
they spell jail in europe jeff you know
they spell it
[__] real well or whatever g-a-i-l
horrendous
g-g-a-l
that's in australia oh
the melbourne gale
i'm playing through the sherlock holmes
game right now and whenever they say it
that's how it's spelt and it's
disgusting it makes me sick
well i spell jail now hot take well no i
i don't know if it is because they it's
spelled the way i don't know maybe
they're doing it like within the
timeline of that game because it's set
in the past but
every time i see it we have given [__]
to
uh judgment smelling the u.s spelling of
judgment also terrible but the europe
[__] up jail that's a horrendous way
to spell
judgment
judgement
awful
terrible sounding so if you're going to
come at me for irregardless i'll i'll
bring up james i was okay we're not i
was asking you yeah
we're coming at them pretty
clear i think nick and eric were coming
harder i we i couldn't tell you know i
did i did take their theirs as an
affront as well but it's text they were
replying in text you can't read tone and
text
talk about what jeff texted us the other
day
what did jeff text us the other day
well it started with a picture of an
apple man
did i just miss did i miss these texts
i think he probably did buddy what were
they were texts they were text so your
phone was probably off if we weren't if
it wasn't during the recording you
probably didn't get it shall i read out
what you text us
yeah you can read it out and then i'll
we'll get into that story if you want
yeah i'd love to uh so friday 12 41 pm
jeff just sent
a picture of a van with apples on the
back and he wrote
oh yes so it's so apples
[Laughter]
eric then said
colonoscopy went well then jeff said
there and a van of apples
it's a hot day i saw so many people at a
redressing restraint eat place
eric said this rules
jeff said emily said stop i'm being
really quiet she's on the phone
eric said who is she talking to do they
know about the boys of zimmer
jeff said it's pastrami people
okay
well i'll say this
there's an accompanying video of that
moment that i was not aware first off i
don't remember any of that i don't
remember texting that stuff i saw the
video i don't remember being in the
video he's like a seven-year-old
this was all
right
right after my colonoscopy and i was
drugged the [__] up on propofol or
propofil or whatever it's called
okay so
we'll get into the pastrami plot twist
so i i was with you guys last week you
know i was uh 36 then i was up to like
42 or whatever uh it was i'll say this
this is my second colonoscopy first one
i was about gavin's age when i did it it
was sucked but i it wasn't the end of
the world i bounced back you know it
wasn't a big deal
this one [__]
just wrecked me
doing the the special diet and then like
not eating for three days and then uh
doing all the solutions and stuff it was
rough i had a really hard time with it
and i guess it's just age [__] right
because i'd done it before when i was
younger and it was fine so then we go in
we
the plan is you go in you do the
colonoscopy
uh they knock you out they shove cameras
up your [__] they take pictures you
come back they wake you up then the cool
thing is they're like you can have
whatever you want to drink we've got it
all
and uh and then you can eat whatever you
want because it's not one of those
things where you like have to come out
of it slowly or whatever they're like no
gorgeous engorge yourself on whatever
you want so i had a whole game plan when
we got in there we had we had it set up
emily was gonna order the sandwich the p
word sandwich and i was gonna it was
gonna be my first meal back after the
call after a successful colonoscopy uh
then we get in there i'm in the waiting
room you know they're taking blood doing
all the stuff i'm in the gown sitting
there joking around and the lady says
what do you want to drink when you come
out and i go what are my options she
goes we got it all we got fruit juice we
got water we got sodas we gotta go do
you have diet soda and she goes we have
diet coke and i was like can i have a
diet coke right after the colonoscopy
and she was like you certainly can
i let me recommend not having a diet
code right after cold
uh i didn't realize the problem with
that until later but so i go through
have a perfectly normal colonoscopy i
assume uh i don't remember any of it i
was asleep i do remember drinking a
bunch of diet coke immediately after and
then
some hours later i was home
eating up eating a p word sandwich uh
there is a video to accompany before we
get that far down the road and i guess
it's when emily is ordering the p word
sandwich um i can
it's too big for discord so let me put
it in the
face slack if you guys just want to
watch it just to get a reference for how
i was in the moment uh eric has a
question for you
uh okay eric what is your why do you
keep saying p word we'll get
we'll get there
uh yeah i just don't like it's just
making me yeah i also i'm filling in a
blank and i don't like it so if you guys
want to if you guys want to stop down
for about two minutes and watch this
video then and come back to it all right
okay i'll watch this video let's watch
it
this is
oh
i feel like we missed out on an
opportunity we should have interacted i
wish there were more
so i have
yeah i have no memory of any of that but
apparently i saw that van
and i uh i texted you guys about it
and uh
apparently i texted you like i was a 90
year old man
uh using one finger anyway so i have no
memory of any of that but we get home
and uh we go from there to the to the
deli to get that sandwich and then we go
home and emily's like okay you got some
more soda you got your your pea sandwich
and uh you go to town i gotta leave for
a little bit she had to do some other
stuff so uh i started to eat the the
sandwich
and and then i got full real fast
because you know i hadn't eaten in days
and so i laid down in bed as i'm
starting to come to
and then i realized something terrible
has happened in my stomach
and i run to the bathroom and i throw up
that sandwich oh no
and it's
violent
and then i'm i take a step back and i'm
like okay i think i'm done i think i'm
done well i did not expect that i'm
supposed to have a huge hunger i'm
supposed to like eat like crazy and
replenish i'm done now i guess i'm
feeling the ill effects
of the the medicine the the propofol or
whatever they gave me i'm having trouble
shaking it off i think what really
happened was all that soda on a five-day
empty stomach [__] me up uh all the
carbonation and stuff and and because
when we talked to the doctor later they
were like yeah you probably should have
just had water or orange juice or
something uh and so uh
i wish they wouldn't let me have that
diet coke anyway so then i go back and i
lay down again and i start and i'm not
feeling any better and i'm starting to
sweat and then i'm like oh no and i run
and i have to throw up again and i'm on
the ground and this then it hits me hard
and i'm shooting pastrami right i'm
shooting the p word in
and uh and then
completely
nothing i could do about it
not a goddamn thing in the world i could
do about it
the
the the vomit is so violent and it's so
it's it's so virulent it's coming out of
me with such force that i [__] my pants
i [__] my pants bad
you know i mean it's all soup right
because i haven't eaten anything in days
and so it's just like yellow
green soup right
and so then i have to sh i have to sit
there and finish throwing up
i have to finish vomiting with a with a
just like i don't know a couple gallons
of turd like wet tur lumpy turtles in my
pants so then as soon as i'm done
throwing up i have to take all my
clothes off right and i put them over in
a pile
and then i go yeah then i go take a
shower and i have to i have to i rinse
my whole body i have to get completely
and totally clean i take a complete
shower dry off and realize oh no i gotta
throw up again so i run back into the
bathroom and i throw up one more time
but this time i'm naked so i just [__]
all over the floor
this is the second time i've [__] a
bathroom floor this year i'm breaking
records
and i mean it's like a shotgun blast of
yellow liquid everywhere so i throw up
for a while longer and then i have to
clean my entire bathroom floor then i
have to do all the laundry then i have
to take another shower and then i have
to lay down
here's the pastrami plot twist oh jesus
that's the last time i will ever say
that word to say it makes me nauseous to
spell it in my head makes me nauseous
to think about the smell i can't ever
touch it again
it's gone it's ruined for me the
colonoscopy killed that sandwich it
killed that flavor and killed that word
i'm telling you i'm sweating thinking
about it
i can't i can't i can't believe it i
didn't see this coming i fell so hard
for it i loved it so much flew way too
close to the sun and then as as my
little as as the wax melted my wings i
[__] all over the land and then i
plummeted down like icarus and i and i
drown in a sea of of of shitty pastrami
puke and it i just it's over
that's my plot twist the colonoscopy
killed the pastrami and i can't say the
word anymore i'm not gonna say anymore
because it's not even specifically the
colonoscopy the person that gave you the
diet coke murdered it was like it was
like they put a hit maybe
that was too much flavor in my body all
at once and it was
i do
i there just is something wrong about
having a medical procedure and the first
thing you do after to start chugging
diet cokes like that just seems
inadvisable in my head it just doesn't
seem yeah now could have been on water
and toast
yes yeah
a soda is not what i'm reaching for
after a medical procedure for sure
now
when
i i like i don't even want to really ask
the question but i feel like i have to
when we're talking about the splatter
on the scale of the smoothie you made
how bad is it is it because that's
on the second one much okay okay okay
okay okay what's this much smaller
much smaller room
self-contained it all stayed on the
floor okay but there was a lot it was
like it was a it was a it was a covered
floor but nothing got on the walls maybe
a little bit on the baseboards but like
not on the walls at all not above the
jesus
uh yeah it was shut the baseboards
it was maybe
the lowest i felt
yeah i shot the baseboard it was maybe
the lowest i've felt in quite some time
and i was [__] up for a day and a half
after like it took me
most of the weekend to rebound yeah it
was just it was just
i was in bed
like i had i felt like i had a hangover
and i haven't had a drink in five years
it was horrible i can't i'm so sorry for
your loss this is that's true i am too
what a day of the the joys the high of
you seeing an apple van to what happened
a mere few hours later i assume yeah
yeah
it's what a truck it's a it's a real
tragedy man i i can't believe i i don't
want it to be true i keep thinking like
i wake up the next day and i'm like
maybe today it won't nope it's still the
thought of it makes me yeah if i see the
word i get nauseous i've had some drinks
that i've thrown up on that i still to
this day
can't drink
yeah like like what what there's this
drink there was this drink in england
i'm not sure if they have it here it was
called j20 which was like it was like a
juice but in a bottle and uh i think i
just i had too much booze one night and
then i was dehydrated so i just chugged
one of them but it was too late and i
just ended up throwing up yeah but it
all just all of the j2o flavor went in
my mouth and nose along with the vom and
i still
hate that flavor one of my favorite
drinks back in the day
that's tragic it's awful and that was
just a byproduct i had that with
mountain dew in high school i haven't
been able to drink mountain dew since
high school because i threw up got sick
from it that's not a good sign for your
pastrami returning
i know dude i know
i know
mountain dew's been out for about 28
years yeah this is like a weirdly
regional
chinese food but chicken balls were my
go-to growing up loved them great great
chinese food i puked once after eating
them on dinner
and there was a chunk of chicken on like
the the
on top of the toilet on like the seat
this is like a chunk
killed
killed chicken balls for me for years i
still don't order them as regularly as i
used to but like never
and that one never fully this is so full
circle this is palette regression this
is exactly what we were talking about
this is the palette regression for sure
i just oh i just i feel a bit like a
hypocrite like i was just on the rt
podcast like a week ago singing the
praises of that deli meat and now like
now here i am like but a few days later
and i can't i can't be in the same room
as it let me smell is there a food jeff
that you hate that is very commonly
loved that people are like you really
uh yeah dude
did we just lose him i lost him yeah i
think we lost him let's wait for me some
weekly uh yeah occurrence yeah he's gone
now
oh
sit tight for oh andrew there
must have run out of bits hello oh yeah
there he goes
my computer froze sorry about that all
right so my question was is there a food
that everybody loves that i hate
everyone loves that you hate yes that
was my question yeah
yeah what what everything white
mayonnaise cream cheese cottage cheese
uh
but like that you would be sour cream i
don't feel like those are necessarily
ranch dressing
social foods i'm trying to think of like
pressure because i'm saying that i'm
assuming you're gonna have to have a
colonoscopy again in the future at some
point
and i think you should view this as an
opportunity to take out another food
guacamole i can't eat guacamole all you
need to do
consume drink a diet coke once again
after your next one and then eat
whatever that food is
and then if someone's like oh do you
want this you'd be like no i got sick
when i had it i can't i honestly feel
like diet coke got off easy through this
like the fact that it didn't ruin that
flavor
that's true no for sure it's totally
true well i don't really remember
drinking i mean i remember that i drank
that coke i don't really remember that i
definitely remember eating that sandwich
and i didn't taste the diet coke on the
way out
i tasted the other thing a lot it was in
my nose oh no
yeah it was yeah
was it at least a good was it a good
pastrami sandwich i apologize for using
the word was it good was it like a
popular one did you at least go out on
top was it a delicious sandwich
that's disappointing
my stomach felt wrong from the get-go so
it may have been but when i dove in i
thought oh this isn't as enjoyable as i
and i thought oh maybe i have a little
bit of a sick i gotta power through and
i never even think i had like a half
through it before i had to take a break
and then i then then i didn't touch it
again until it was to run into the
kitchen to throw it away just to get it
out of the house there's a beautiful
edit of the last time we recorded of you
in an episode discussing how excited you
were for that sandwich
not knowing at that time that that would
be the last time
[Laughter]
you could enjoy one
i had i had it all planned we had it all
planned out i was so excited it was
gonna be the highlight of the
colonoscopy a the highlight of the
colonoscopy would be uh that i'm there's
nothing wrong with my butthole right and
right by the way i'm fine colonoscopy is
great but then the second one was gonna
be was gonna be like sit in the top uh
healthy butthole mountain eating chowing
down on my favorite sandwich and instead
i rolled down the mountain and every
time i i i i swung around the the
sandwich hit me in the head uh until i
landed in a puddle of my own puke and
[__] and then i just lay there until
somebody drugged me out
it's
terrible
it's terrible i feel it's it's a real
loss
it's a real loss dude nobody feels it
more than i do i was eating this thing
two or three times a week
it's true we did a video recently where
we were racing we were trying to go far
on a chair that was balanced on two
hoverboards and like halfway through the
video i'm just stuffing my face with a
pastrami sandwich that you brought into
the office
yeah i brought you guys extra sandwich
but
yeah andrew annoyed me recently what did
i do uh oh he told me that
there's a store right by him that sells
brands to pickle yeah
and salad cream yeah what
there's a i yeah there's a store close
to me that that sells both i had no idea
i could literally see it from from where
i live and it's it was there the whole
time i sent you a freaking jar that i
assume was mailed from england to
america and then forwarded from by me to
canada and you could have walked
i could like a hundred percent i ordered
mine from from europe my salad
for a product that i could see from my
window yeah i just didn't know
didn't know that they had it wasn't
aware
i was i was trying to think i'm i'm glad
that that is the thing that annoyed you
i was trying to think why did you think
that i would be annoyed at something
else you did well that's what i was
wondering about i was trying to think if
i annoyed you i i thought you're gonna
call me out for my uh my agency blunder
my my miss call the we're talking about
james
what what agency does james bond work
for jeff
uh
you mean like government agency yeah
like what where where would he work i
learned a lot about james bond recently
uh he works for like an uh
uh i don't know what no like
so i said m16
i said he worked for m16
that's not that
it's close it was clean it's close
it's mi6 he works at mi6 apparently if
you really think he has a one if you
read the eye as the one i was i was
directionally correct like you could
mistake it for what i said
i also didn't know that q's name isn't i
thought q was q i thought that was just
his name that was his cool nickname not
that it was an abbreviation for his job
he said he thought his name was like
quentin or something well yeah it could
be like i just thought it was a
shortened version of what his name was
it's all black called quentin who works
for a gun
well it was a conversation about what
would his job title be because he's like
an inventor of gadgets but i don't think
he inventor would be what he'd be called
and then that's how tourney is a
quartermaster is this that's just stands
for quartermaster yeah hmm that makes
sense i thought is m not is m not a
version of her name too
what's m's name probably from manager
it's hinted at that her name as dench
starts with an m
yeah and uh that um is called mallory
so it just it's clearly it's just a name
thing i thought they just were very like
weirdly for some reason everybody
abbreviated their name they shortened it
down their nickname
take a letter from your name cue could
be quinton and his malory apparently
then they review reveal not review they
didn't review em's name but they did
reveal it i want to say in skyfall right
doesn't he go into her desk and
you see her name
uh in casino royale he's like i had no
idea m stood for and then she interrupts
him i could have swore that we saw the
name the full name and skyfall at the
very end of it
it could be wrong
based on everything i'm wrong about
literally everything else when it comes
to james bond i don't know why i'd be
right about this so let's just assume
i would i would say i
when in doubt defer to gavin on the j on
the james bond [__] yeah that's fair he
knows way too much about it that's fair
they're good movies they're fun
well they're all good movies
i think even the bad ones well now
quantum massage just sucks i take that
back there there's some genuine just bad
bond movies
what do you think the worst worst james
bond movie is that i've seen i'd say
quantum masalas uh
i think fiora is only a [__]
yeah
and i don't like
on a majesty's secret service that's a
bit of a controversial one a lot of
people think that one really was really
good it's a good one what's the what's
the one that the non-sanctioned one they
did
never say never again never say never
again yeah that i don't remember that
one being great and the first casino
is that the other non-eon
bond movie i think that was the david
niven one yeah david niven was in the
original casino royale yeah um
that's one where like james bond is very
clearly an alias and there's like a
jimmy bond and like a bunch of different
james bonds right i've never seen that
movie i haven't seen that one either i
think there's like six james bonds in it
technically i read the book i don't
remember i i must have seen the movie
when i was a kid but i don't remember it
could i
i i just want to give some credit to
maybe the greatest not james bond james
bond movie for a minute a movie that i
feel is under appreciated and in this
time and actually cody banks
that's a that's a good one too i was
thinking today it's so weird that you
brought up agent cody banks i was
thinking have i just accidentally seen
every frankie munez movie i felt like it
was possible that i had
and it turns out he's in a lot of things
that is just like obscure kind of like
post 2006 haven't seen a lot of frankie
munoz's work
but um
xxx
xxx is a fantastic not james bond james
bond movie from the millennium what do
you mean from the millennium like the
original xxx
with vin diesel what was the movie you
watched on the
yes yeah yeah it was yeah yeah
yes
exactly
that story yes i thought sorry i
misunderstood what you were saying great
movie it's like if vin diesel
wanted it's
vin diesel will never be cast to play
sherlock holmes but he clearly really
wants to
and it's the closest you'll get to vin
diesel as the sherlock holmes there's
such a great scene in that film where
he's in a diner and he's like there's no
way that this person is really a
waitress because she's wearing high
heels and that the shift that she works
like that's that doesn't make sense
reading a newspaper on a sunday that's a
point like he is his delivery is so dumb
guy trying to be smart guy
it has a place in my heart i love that
movie it's a terrible
good bad movie doesn't he like uh grind
a rail or slide a rail on a serving
platter yeah yeah okay
the literal beginning of that movie is
they kill traditional james bond and
they're like this is the xander cage is
the new guy sounds like the tuxedo
it is a better movie than the tuxedo
i'll say it right now that's a good
movie i remember it being a good movie
he drives a car off of a bridge while
tony hawk films him because the guy is
like a senator who's against video games
and he does a monologue about how video
games are good and then he drives his
car off a bridge and the senator's name
is dick and he's like don't be a dick
dick it's great writing tony hawk thinks
it's very funny
it's a great
terrible movie
to watch
you should you should watch one and
three both great you can skip two not
really needed but the first and third
both the xander cage entries of the xxx
series worth watching so wait triple x
one is vin diesel then two is like ice
cube or somebody yeah
yep and then three is vin diesel again
three is vin diesel again like 15 years
after the first one that came out is the
second one considered canon in that
universe yes because ice cube shows up
in the third movie and they do like a
whole triple x agent thing why doesn't
vin diesel like being in his own sequels
uh
he wasn't in the second fast and furious
either i just it was a money issue or an
ego thing he's right i'll come back if
the sequel worked out and then he's just
in the rest of it he strangely was
committed to the chronicles of riddick
series though he did that's the sequel
he was he was all about i think that's
like
[__] he had did he have something to do
with with the story though
i feel like he did also maybe is the
second movie a prequel technically
oh so he'll be in his own prequels yeah
so like as long as the story goes
backwards he'll gladly be in the second
one but he cannot make a direct
continuation
unless there's a gap
i still haven't seen the most recent
fast and the furious uh i i really need
to
uh you see you don't have to you don't
have to see it to have you've seen it i
guarantee
because those movies are so overly
complicated because of how how loved han
was from the tokyo drift movie
that like
tokyo drift comes after five six and
seven i wanna say yeah
just so that they could explain him
being in it but he's back in nine so
like there's no reason for them doing
any of that he's just they like they
found a way and i really want to know
how they bring him back i feel like he
probably climbed down like a storm drain
or like lifted a manhole and dropped a
boy are you in for a treat oh i cannot
yeah you're gonna you're gonna get away
i wouldn't get your hopes up about it
playing the game right now and the game
is we should
we should do a triple x tuxedo
new fast and the furious like triple
movie head what do you call it back to
back to back when you watch an apple
dumpling
we need to find a like a through line
between all these movies
um trouble feature [__] a trip you
mentioned you mentioned how it's done
earlier do you think at this point baba
bowie is more famous than bubba louie
yeah
i would think so
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
what is bob andrew do you know who do
you know who baba louie is no i have no
idea who baba louie is i know who bubba
is your answer well there you go yeah
where's your answer bob louie was a
hannah was a hannah barbera cartoon
character uh from back in the 60s and
gary
who is the producer of the howard stern
show got really into collecting
animation cells uh back in like the
early 80s and he bought a baba louis
cell and he was bragging about it on the
stern show and he called it baba bowie
and then howard goes you paid 500 to
this and you don't even know his name is
baba louis you [__] idiot that's your
nickname from now on baba bowie and gary
made the mistake of going yeah that'll
stick
but i think in gary's defense sometimes
that character was called baba boy
yeah i think so
so it was hannah barbera as a group they
weren't
i remember learning those were two
people and it blowing my my mind no idea
you thought it had one barbarian
yeah i thought it was one person named
hannah barbara oh
it could be first and last name that's
true could work
sure should we end the show
we have so many movies to watch
it's true
should we just do like a rifftrax of our
of our viewing i would i would love to
danny trejos the xxx bring a trejo back
can never talk about enough he's got a
great role in that
they make fun of how long his hair is
he is one scene
he's also short vin diesel calls him
short i don't know how much taller vin
diesel is than danny trejo in real life
what what are vin diesel's stats
what is this end everything podcast have
you noticed eric that every podcast that
goes off the rails ends up with jeff
googling vin diesel
[Laughter]
vin diesel is six feet tall izzy but how
old was he in the movie nick just asked
a very important question when will your
far cry 6 trejo play through begin nick
they removed danny trejo from far cry 6.
i can't do it he has been really yeah he
i guess they accidentally released that
mission before it was done
it's not supposed to come out yeah he's
dlc for december and they accidentally
put him in with a a patch they were
doing so then they did trejo
they pulled trejo out recently with a
patch note of like we've removed danny
trejo from our game we will be bringing
him back you gotta leave him in at that
point
well no i i literally i don't think the
mission was finished i think they were
yeah like no i finished the mission no i
did but when you do the mission jeff
he's like now i need you to deliver my
tacos and you getting his card he's like
yeah good job like it just kind of ends
i don't think they were right
designing the mission similar to pt do
you think consoles or pcs with the
unpatched trajo will go for a lot on
ebay yeah they will
i can never connect this xbox to the
internet again
i bet mine's already patched out god
damn it
it is yeah you can't
yeah it's like he's
he's gone he's gone jeff i'm sorry
no traveling trejo but we can watch
danny trejo in the classic film triple x
maybe we should play less halo and watch
more movies together i would enjoy that
fine with that let's do it andrew didn't
even show up to halo yesterday i had
things i wanted to i missed it
sad said said
well there you go
uh let's not be here anymore let's be
somewhere else maybe together or a part
i don't give a [__] uh the audience you
can come along or not i don't even know
uh
bye
[Laughter]
hello everyone minor league fan jack
here to give you a preview of next
week's episode of face based solely off
discord andrew sinks his teeth into a
cosmic crisp or does he gavin is not a
rubbish guy jeff isn't edgewise at all
andrew continues to be bad at gambling
we get an apple score that will blow
your mind and once again andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's face
you